I'm not familiar with the term: optimal control problem
Or this: \|_{L^2(0,T)}^2
Don't think we use Monte Carlo integration.
What was Ansatz again?
The notation is different, but I think I understand eq. 3.
Not sure what "multi-objective optimization" means.
Pareto-front?


Added abs to log in ODE.
Read:
1.1
1.2
2.6
3?
5.1
5.2
12.2.3
Figure 5.1?


I don't know why br somethimes gives only one beat, not two.
I think there's to many states to plot all of them togheter. Maybe I shuold ask about that.


Need to fix axis labels for plots.
What are the units for Beeler-Reuter?
"The Beeler–Reuter model of the cardiac cell proposed by Beeler and Reuter in 1977 [1] is estab-
lished by eight equations (see Equations (1)) defining the time derivatives of transmembrane potential
Vm in mV, intracellular Ca2+ concentration [Ca]i in mole/l, and six dimensionless gating variables
x1, m, h, j, d, and f"
What should I put for the dimensionless variables?


Should try moving the legends in the loss-plots.
Not getting very good results for BR so far.
	Might be because of output transform?


No output transformation gives nans in first epoch. Could be interesting.
Need to find good values there, but not sure how.
lr of 1e-3 usually gives nans after a while. 1e-4 dosen't, but is slow.

For FHN, should probably write why we have v^3 and such.
Need to be consistent with use of hypens.
After 2.2.1, before the introduction to NNs, might be a good place to talk about the problems with fitting cardiac models.

Set up the cluster.
ArubaOS VIA VPN?

References/Letters of recommendation


Write plan.
try lr with decay
	Implemented, but need to find good params
	Rigth now we only have deacy for 2. run (with ODE)
Try fitting a for FHN
Fix scaling in ot
	For FHN: [1., .1]
	For BR: [.1, 1., 1., .001, .1, 1., .1, 100]


"In FEM, the solution is approximated by a piecewise
polynomial with unknown point values, while in PINNs, the surrogate model
is a neural network with weights and biases. Moreover, FEM usually requires
a mesh generation, whereas PINN, being mesh-free, can employ a grid or
random points. Finally, PINN approximates the function and its derivatives
nonlinearly, whereas FEM does it linearly." - Cuomo et. al

