As an example of a finally good plot I used \fhn_res_clus\fhn_res_s-01_v-a_n0_e40\expe_9

Need to find plots as examples of other stuff as well.

Does σ from FIM not actually count as practical identifiability?
Do we need to check the singularity of FIM instead?

What's left to write:
	abstract
	introduction
	small introduction for each chapter
	expand on the history of AP models
	find examples of more cardiac/exitable cell models ?
find examples of machine learning stuff
   write about Historical problems with Fitting Cardiac Models - sec. 5.2 quite important - ish done, probably good enough
	history of PINNs
	consider moving Identifiability.
	write how to do structural identifiability
	expand on alternative methods of Practical Identifiability
	decide what to do about Implementation of PINN, move, remove, expand on...
	check how He-init. does biases - Think it's just 0
	update create_plots_for_thesis.py with bar and box plots
	update hyp.para. for bad results
figures for lr
	say something about search range
	move search range to only w
finish res
	write Fitting More Parameters
	write Only v Known
	write Only w Known (kinda, not really sure what to say there)
	write A Non-Identifiable Test
	write about outside timedomain
	write conclusion
   make better plots of results, inferred value and STD especially
	make abreviations for identifiability
	insert abreviations for identifiability
	make table for results for the finanlly good example
	make sure all Iext use I_{\text{ext}}
write appendix stuff
	finnish List of Notation and Abbreviations
double check that hyp.para. is correct, escpecially lr-decay
	insert citations in conlusions chapter
	write propper names in figure and table brackets [] for list of figures and tables stuff
	think more about the order of sections and stuff
	in future work add extrapolating to more cells at once - see projcet description for example
	also sparser data and for more complex models we can see how data for a few states can identify more
	also decrease the amount of points in big τ. 


	write about how to use DeepXDE ?
	write about BR ?
	write BR res ?
	Structural Identifiability of BR?
   get figures in methods sections ?  -  Could maybe have something else here
	plots of exe. cell models?
	figure of PINN structure?
in appendix, what happens for feature transform layer with unscaled t ?
maybe have figure for multiple feature transforms ?
restructure The Simplest Case for SBINN to introduce some concepts before they are used, not after. maybe?
elaboarte on why use lr decay?



In Limitations I've written some things that are lim. with PINNs and some that are with the study.
Found a bug in the code. When defining variables I call get_variable but didn't asign it.
Wrote a section about unsuccessfully fitting BR.

What should I have in the Introduction?
Need to make new figures
What to do about hyperparameters? 
Change title?
Github stuff?
Does some results need to be rerun?
Some parts might need elaborating. 
Also some smaller things, like inserting refferences/examples, get consistent notation, list of notation, etc.
Should some parts be moved?
Code for file copying?







	Introduction?
   some comment on why FHN  -  enough? 
	short summary of why we looked at BR, and why we are not including the res aomngst the others
more examples?
	should probably use loss instead of cost. or not
	continuation paper?
	sobie use regression
	can't use SBINN figure, can probably find one online
	can maybe be made using inkscape or tikz, latexit
	can expand on summary of hyperparameters, expand each bulletpoint 
	show hyp.para. as a two colomn table
	make the text in figures bigger
	use Cref instead of ref
	eqref for equations
	figure 5.10 stetch out and place on top of each other, thicker lines
	fig. 5.12 use same line, have one line sepearting them instead




What sort of colors should I use for \ref and stuff?




