Historical problems with Fitting Cardiac Models
sec. 5.2 quite important 
Nelder and Mead (1965) simplex algorithm

"For ion-channel kinetics, state transition rates k can be written as k = Aexp(BV) or sometimes k = exp(C + DV),
where A, B, C, D are parameters and V is voltage. In these cases, scalings of θ = {ln(A), B} work well (Beattie et al.,
2018) or, equivalently, an untransformed θ = {C, D} (Teed & Silva, 2016). A detailed comparison of optimization on
transformed parameter spaces in ion-channel calibration can be found in the supplement to Clerx, Beattie, et al. (2019),
as well as some advice on constraints for these rates."



Introduction:
aim of thesis
background/motivation
some overview of exe.cell models?
some overview of pinns?











Disscussions:
We have seen that PINNs can be very successful at fitting the FitzHugh-Nagumo model to data. Both when we only try to fit one variable, and when we try to fit all of them. 
It also was able to handle low to medium levels of noise

Very sucesfull for FHN with all states known when fitting a
didn't struggle much for low levels of noise, but did for 10%
when fitting all para somewhat worse, got better esults when we changed the lr-decay
still struggled for 10%
slightly worse results for only v known, fitting a,b,tau
could probably do even better here with different hyp.para.
got expected when fitting all para. with only v known
stuggled alot with only w, not sure why
outside domain shows where PINN could be more usefull than regular NN
SIA was quite usefull
in genral haven't gotten much out of PIA, only really confirming that good res are good and bad are bad

fitting br unsucessfull so far.
could maybe look further into this
transcendental components maybe the problem?


Limitations:
Model complexity and realism
choosing hyperparameters (tuning?)
	amount of effort it takes to get good hyperparameters
runtime/amount of epochs
evaluation methods
choise of fitted parameters
meassurable states
synthetic data
	the way noise is made?
models might not be reflective real life conditions/conditions in the body (in vivo?)
	inexact meassuring
amount of knowledge we have about the model beforehand could influence how good the fit is, but if we assumed an unrealistic amount of things it woun't be representative of real life examples
amount of noise
	it struggeled at 10%, which is large, but not unrealistic
Physiological something or other
SIA for BR



Conclusions:
SBINN can give excelent results, but tuning it to the point where it does can be hard



Future work:
method should be attempted at more complex, realistic models
also with real data
hyp.para. tuning could be useful
maybe try different NN, like CNN instead of FNN
other methods for PIA could maybe be more useful




Appendices:
failed attempt at fitting br
explanation of using deepxde
additional figures/tables?
hyperparameters?
runtime? 

